apps/frontend/src/lib/editor/Guide.md, before:

<div id="guide-container">

# General
Statements are separated by newlines.

## Variables and Assignments
Values can be assigned to variables like this.
Variables don't need to be declared explicitly. Just assign a value to an identifier, this will create the variable.
Identifiers can use letters, digits and underscores. They cannot start with a digit.

```
x := 123
```


# Data types
## Numbers
There are integers and floats
```
123 // Integer 
3.14 // Float
```
Addition, subtraction, multiplication and division are available with the operators +, -, * and /
```
x := 2 * (9-7)
y := 1 + (4+6)/5
```

Addition, subtraction and multiplication of integers result in integers.
Mixing floats and integers or dividing integers results in a float.
Integer division and modulo are possible with _div_ and _mod_

```
x := 7 div 4
y := 9 mod 5
```

Numbers can be compared using =, !=, &lt;, &gt;, &lt;=, &gt;=.

```
x := 1 < 2
x := 5 != 7
```
## Strings
Strings can be made with quotes
```
"Hello world"
```

Strings can be concatenated with +.

```
"Hello" + "world"
```

Strings can also be concatenated with other data types.

```
"Hello" + "world" + 123 + [4, 5, 6]
```

Equality and inequality of strings can be compared with = and !=.

```
"Hello" != "world"
```
## Booleans
Booleans using true and false
```
true 
false
```
Boolean values can be connected with _and_ and _not_.
```
a and b
x or y
```
A boolean value can be negated with _not_.
```
not a
```
## Nil
No value (aka. nil/null) with _nil_
```
nil
```
## Lists
There are lists
```
list := [1, 2, 3] 
list := [1, 0.5, "abc"] //Datatypes can be mixed 
```
Their elements can be accessed like this
```
x := list[2] 
list[1] := 3
```
## Objects
There are also objects
```
point := { 
    x: 5, 
    y: 2 
}
```
Their members can be accessed like this
```
point.x := 4 
y := point.y
```
## Sets
Sets can be created like this
```
X := { 1, 2, 3 }
```
Sets can hold any datatype. Even arrays, objects and sets. These shouldn't be mutated after being inserted into a set.
The usual set operators &#x2229;, &#x222A; and &#x2216; can be used.
The union (&#x222A;) of two sets can be computed using the keyword _union_.
```
X := { 1, 2, 3 } union { 3, 4 }
// X = { 1, 2, 3, 4 }
```
The intersection (&#x2229;) of two sets can be computed using the keyword _intersect_.
```
X := { 1, 2, 3 } intersect { 3, 4 }
// X = { 3 };
```
The difference (&#x2216;) of two sets can be computed using the \ Symbol.
```
X := { 1, 2, 3 } \\ { 3, 4 }
// X = { 1, 2 };
```
Sets can be queried for their elements using the keyword _in_
```
x := 2 in { 1, 2, 3 } //x = true
```

## Dictionaries

Dictionaries can be created using square brackets and comma-separated key-value-pairs.
In the key-value-pairs, key and value are separated using a colon :
```
dict := ["a": 1, "b": 2]
```
Any value can be used as a key. Though it is important, to not mutate values, that are used as a key, similar to entries of a set.
Also similar to arrays and sets, dictionaries can hold values of mixed types, both for keys and values.

You can access the elements of a dictionary with square brackets, as you can do with arrays.
```
dict["a"] = 5
print(dict["a"]) //5
```

As dictionaries use square brackets, like arrays, it is not possible to create an empty dictionary with this syntax.
For this reason the _Dict_ constructor exists.

```
dict := Dict()
```

## Tuples

Tuples can be created with comma separated lists wrapped in parentheses
```
t := (1, 2, 3)
```

Tuples can be unpacked with multiple comma separated identifiers on the left side.
The amount of identifiers and values in the tuple have to match exactly.
```
a, b := (1, 2)
```

This also works in for-loops.
```
for x, y in [(1, 2), (3, 4)] do
    ...
end
```


# Control structures
## If
If statements can be made like this
```
if condition then
    ...
end
```
An alternative path can be given with an else
```
if condition then
    ...
else
    ...
end
```
An else can also be followed by another if
```
if condition then
    ...
else if otherCondition then
    ...
else
    ...
end
```
## While
There are while loops.
```
while condition do
    ...
end
```
There are repeat-until loops. They stop, when the condition turns true.
## Repeat-Until
```
repeat
    ...
until condition
```
## For

And then there are for-loops
They need a name for the loop-variable and a range or an expression that evaluates to a array or set.
The upper limit can be either exclusive, like so:

```
for i in 0 .. 10 do
    ...
end
```

or inclusive, like so:

```
for i in 0 ..= 10 do
    ...
end
```
Arrays and sets can be iterated over like this
```
for i in [1, 2, 3] do
    ...
end
```
or
```
for i in { 1, 2, 3 } do
    ...
end
```
## Jump-Statements

There are break and continue statements
With break the loop is ended.
With continue the program will skip the rest of the current loop iteration

```
while true do
    break
end

while true do
    continue
end
```

# Functions

Functions can be made like this:

```
function myFunction(a, b)
    ...
end
```

Functions can return values using the return statement

```
function myFunction(a, b)
    return a + b
end
```

return can also be used without a value

```
function myFunction(a, b)
    return
end

x := myFunction(1, 2) // x = nil
```

If no value is returned, a function will evaluate to nil

# Built-in functions
There are some built in functions.
## Math
floor
```
floor(x)
```
computes the biggest integer number smaller than the input number
ceil
```
ceil(x)
```
computes the smallest integer number bigger than the input number
max
```
max(x, y)
```
returns the bigger of the two numbers x and y
min
```
min(x, y)
```
returns the smaller of the two numbers x and y
### sqrt
```
sqrt(x)
```
computes the square root of x
### pow
```
pow(b, e)
```
computes b exponentiated with e (b<sup>e</sup>)
## Array
### Array-constructor
```
Array(n, e)
```

Creates an array of length n populated with e.
Note: Arrays and objects are reference-types and thus will all be the same reference.

### len
```
len(a)
```
Returns the length of an array or string.
### push
```
push(a, e)
```
Adds an element e to the end of the array a
### pop
```
pop(a)
```
Removes the last element of array a and returns it.
### dequeue
```
dequeue(a)
```
Removes the first element of array a and returns it.
## String
### codepoint
```
codepoint(s)
```
Returns the Unicode-codepoint of the first character of the given string s
### char
```
char(c)
```
Returns the character encoded by a given Unicode-codepoint c
## Dictionary

### Dict
```
Dict()
```
Creates an empty dictionary.

### keys
```
keys(d)
```
Creates an array with the keys from a dictionary d.

### values 
```
values(d)
```
Creates an array with the keys from a dictionary d.

## Print
```
print(x)
```
Outputs the given argument x
</div>

<style>
    #guide-container {
        margin: 2vh;
    }
    
    pre.language-undefined {
        border: 1px solid var(--border);
        margin-top: 1vh;
        margin-bottom: 1vh;
        padding: 1vh;
        display: block;
    }
</style>

Commit message:

include dict iterating in guide

apps/frontend/src/lib/editor/Guide.md, after:

<div id="guide-container">

# General
Statements are separated by newlines.

## Variables and Assignments
Values can be assigned to variables like this.
Variables don't need to be declared explicitly. Just assign a value to an identifier, this will create the variable.
Identifiers can use letters, digits and underscores. They cannot start with a digit.

```
x := 123
```


# Data types
## Numbers
There are integers and floats
```
123 // Integer 
3.14 // Float
```
Addition, subtraction, multiplication and division are available with the operators +, -, * and /
```
x := 2 * (9-7)
y := 1 + (4+6)/5
```

Addition, subtraction and multiplication of integers result in integers.
Mixing floats and integers or dividing integers results in a float.
Integer division and modulo are possible with _div_ and _mod_

```
x := 7 div 4
y := 9 mod 5
```

Numbers can be compared using =, !=, &lt;, &gt;, &lt;=, &gt;=.

```
x := 1 < 2
x := 5 != 7
```
## Strings
Strings can be made with quotes
```
"Hello world"
```

Strings can be concatenated with +.

```
"Hello" + "world"
```

Strings can also be concatenated with other data types.

```
"Hello" + "world" + 123 + [4, 5, 6]
```

Equality and inequality of strings can be compared with = and !=.

```
"Hello" != "world"
```
## Booleans
Booleans using true and false
```
true 
false
```
Boolean values can be connected with _and_ and _not_.
```
a and b
x or y
```
A boolean value can be negated with _not_.
```
not a
```
## Nil
No value (aka. nil/null) with _nil_
```
nil
```
## Lists
There are lists
```
list := [1, 2, 3] 
list := [1, 0.5, "abc"] //Datatypes can be mixed 
```
Their elements can be accessed like this
```
x := list[2] 
list[1] := 3
```
## Objects
There are also objects
```
point := { 
    x: 5, 
    y: 2 
}
```
Their members can be accessed like this
```
point.x := 4 
y := point.y
```
## Sets
Sets can be created like this
```
X := { 1, 2, 3 }
```
Sets can hold any datatype. Even arrays, objects and sets. These shouldn't be mutated after being inserted into a set.
The usual set operators &#x2229;, &#x222A; and &#x2216; can be used.
The union (&#x222A;) of two sets can be computed using the keyword _union_.
```
X := { 1, 2, 3 } union { 3, 4 }
// X = { 1, 2, 3, 4 }
```
The intersection (&#x2229;) of two sets can be computed using the keyword _intersect_.
```
X := { 1, 2, 3 } intersect { 3, 4 }
// X = { 3 };
```
The difference (&#x2216;) of two sets can be computed using the \ Symbol.
```
X := { 1, 2, 3 } \\ { 3, 4 }
// X = { 1, 2 };
```
Sets can be queried for their elements using the keyword _in_
```
x := 2 in { 1, 2, 3 } //x = true
```

## Dictionaries

Dictionaries can be created using square brackets and comma-separated key-value-pairs.
In the key-value-pairs, key and value are separated using a colon :
```
dict := ["a": 1, "b": 2]
```
Any value can be used as a key. Though it is important, to not mutate values, that are used as a key, similar to entries of a set.
Also similar to arrays and sets, dictionaries can hold values of mixed types, both for keys and values.

You can access the elements of a dictionary with square brackets, as you can do with arrays.
```
dict["a"] = 5
print(dict["a"]) //5
```

As dictionaries use square brackets, like arrays, it is not possible to create an empty dictionary with this syntax.
For this reason the _Dict_ constructor exists.

```
dict := Dict()
```

## Tuples

Tuples can be created with comma separated lists wrapped in parentheses
```
t := (1, 2, 3)
```

Tuples can be unpacked with multiple comma separated identifiers on the left side.
The amount of identifiers and values in the tuple have to match exactly.
```
a, b := (1, 2)
```

This also works in for-loops.
```
for x, y in [(1, 2), (3, 4)] do
    ...
end
```


# Control structures
## If
If statements can be made like this
```
if condition then
    ...
end
```
An alternative path can be given with an else
```
if condition then
    ...
else
    ...
end
```
An else can also be followed by another if
```
if condition then
    ...
else if otherCondition then
    ...
else
    ...
end
```
## While
There are while loops.
```
while condition do
    ...
end
```
There are repeat-until loops. They stop, when the condition turns true.
## Repeat-Until
```
repeat
    ...
until condition
```
## For

And then there are for-loops
They need a name for the loop-variable and a range or an expression that evaluates to a array or set.
The upper limit can be either exclusive, like so:

```
for i in 0 .. 10 do
    ...
end
```

or inclusive, like so:

```
for i in 0 ..= 10 do
    ...
end
```
Arrays, sets and dictionaries can be iterated over like this
```
for i in [1, 2, 3] do
    ...
end
```
or
```
for i in { 1, 2, 3 } do
    ...
end
```
When iterating over dictionaries the value is a tuple of key and value. This way it is possible to iterate over dictionaries like this
```
for k, v in ["a": 1, "b": 2, "c": 3] do
    ...
end
```

## Jump-Statements

There are break and continue statements
With break the loop is ended.
With continue the program will skip the rest of the current loop iteration

```
while true do
    break
end

while true do
    continue
end
```

# Functions

Functions can be made like this:

```
function myFunction(a, b)
    ...
end
```

Functions can return values using the return statement

```
function myFunction(a, b)
    return a + b
end
```

return can also be used without a value

```
function myFunction(a, b)
    return
end

x := myFunction(1, 2) // x = nil
```

Functions create their own scope for variables and can not use variables from outside.
Functions themselves are global an can be used anywhere, even before they are defined.
If no value is returned, a function will evaluate to nil.
Functions can only be defined on the root scope.

# Built-in functions
There are some built in functions.
## Math
floor
```
floor(x)
```
computes the biggest integer number smaller than the input number
ceil
```
ceil(x)
```
computes the smallest integer number bigger than the input number
max
```
max(x, y)
```
returns the bigger of the two numbers x and y
min
```
min(x, y)
```
returns the smaller of the two numbers x and y
### sqrt
```
sqrt(x)
```
computes the square root of x
### pow
```
pow(b, e)
```
computes b exponentiated with e (b<sup>e</sup>)
## Array
### Array-constructor
```
Array(n, e)
```

Creates an array of length n populated with e.
Note: Arrays and objects are reference-types and thus will all be the same reference.

### len
```
len(a)
```
Returns the length of an array or string.
### push
```
push(a, e)
```
Adds an element e to the end of the array a
### pop
```
pop(a)
```
Removes the last element of array a and returns it.
### dequeue
```
dequeue(a)
```
Removes the first element of array a and returns it.
## String
### codepoint
```
codepoint(s)
```
Returns the Unicode-codepoint of the first character of the given string s
### char
```
char(c)
```
Returns the character encoded by a given Unicode-codepoint c
## Dictionary

### Dict
```
Dict()
```
Creates an empty dictionary.

### keys
```
keys(d)
```
Creates an array with the keys from a dictionary d.

### values 
```
values(d)
```
Creates an array with the keys from a dictionary d.

## Print
```
print(x)
```
Outputs the given argument x
</div>

<style>
    #guide-container {
        margin: 2vh;
    }
    
    pre.language-undefined {
        border: 1px solid var(--border);
        margin-top: 1vh;
        margin-bottom: 1vh;
        padding: 1vh;
        display: block;
    }
</style>
